[Music]
love rosie is a 2014 romantic comedy
film
based on the 2004 novel where rainbow's
end by irish author cecilia ahern
the film is mainly about two friends
alex and rosie
alex and rosie have been best friends
for almost as long as they can remember
[Music]
during rosie's 18th birthday party alex
kisses rosie who is drunk
and he realizes that he has romantic
feelings for her
the next day while nursing a hangover
and having had her stomach pumped
rosie regrets having gotten drunk and
tells alex that she wishes that the
night had never happened
alex interprets her words as rosie just
wanting to be friends
[Music]
greg the hottest guy in their year asked
rosie to the school dance
while she originally intended to go with
alex she accepts greg's offer when she
learns that alex is thinking about
going to the dance with a girl named
bethany
[Music]
after the dance rosie has sex with greg
rosie aspires to one day run her own
hotel and applies and gets accepted to a
hotel management course at boston
university
she rushes to tell alex but finds him
having sex with bethany which causes her
to vomit
[Music]
rosie discovers that she is pregnant but
refuses to tell alex
fearing that he will forego his chance
to study at harvard to help take care of
her
after alex leaves for the united states
she gives birth to a daughter
whom she names katie alex learns of
rosie's pregnancy from bethany and
becomes katie's godfather
five years later rosie visits alex in
boston and they spend the night together
talking and visiting places
the following morning she discovers that
his girlfriend is pregnant
she understands that alex's living
situation was not proper
and tries to discuss it with him but he
rebuffs her
saying that at least their child will
have both parents
infuriated rosie leaves boston
immediately
she reconciles with craig who had
initially fled to ibiza upon learning of
her pregnancy
and the two eventually marry in 2009
later rosie learns that alex split from
his girlfriend after discovering that
the baby
was not his she bumps into bethany now a
famous model
and suggests that bethany look up alex
on an upcoming trip to the united states
another five years passes and rosie's
father dies
alex attends the funeral where he
reconciles with rosie
at the same event greg behaves
immaturely causing a scene
and this later prompts alex to write
rosie a note saying that she deserves
better
and that he can be that better man
however greg intercepts the note and
hides it from rosie
later rosie discovers that greg is
cheating on her
and kicks him out while disposing of his
things
she finds the letter from alex
she calls him but discovers that bethany
is living with him now and that the two
are engaged they invite rosie to be the
bridesmaid at their wedding
rosie plots to interrupt the wedding but
fails as the church ceremony is over by
the time she arrives at the reception
rosie gives a speech telling alex that
she loves him as a friend
her daughter katie brings a friend named
toby with her to the wedding
in a friendship that is reminiscent of
rosie and alex when they were children
during a dance
toby suddenly kisses katie but katie
pushes him away and runs outside
rosie and alex follow her alex counsels
her and
tells her to follow her feelings with
toby or she might regret it
alluding to how he felt about rosie
after a moment
toby finds katie and apologizes for what
he did
as he asked her to forget about what
just happened katie interrupts him with
a kiss
in that moment alex learns that rosie
does not remember the kiss they shared
on her 18th birthday
he realizes that he had been mistaken in
interpreting her desire to forget that
night
as her wanting to stay platonic
using her inheritance from her father
rosie finally fulfills her ambition to
start her own hotel
alex is her second guest and when he
arrives
he tells rosie that he ended his
marriage with bethany
and shares with her a recurring dream he
has had about the two of them being
together
and finally they are together after so
many years
apart from each other
[Music]
you